[#167591482] Add translation (#1246)
teamdigitale/io-app: locales/en/pin_unlock_help.md

> The PIN is the security code that grant your data being securely stored into the IO app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PIN is the security code that grants your data is securely stored into the IO app.
```

You chose it when you logged in for the first time with your SPID credentials.

> If you forgot it, you can change it at any time by pressing the "Did you forget the PIN?" button on the bottom and logging in again by your SPID credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you forgot it, you can change it at any time by pressing the "Did you forget the PIN?" button on the bottom and logging in again with your SPID credentials.
```

Author: I'm not sure about the usage of "by" with login. Looking on transactions it seems to be more appropriate the usage of "with"

Reviewer: @valentinacala 
> I'm not sure about the usage of "by" with login. Looking on transactions it seems to be more appropriate the usage of "with"

So it looks like better as I suggested? Anyway I guess it's correct in both ways

Author: Yes, it seems to be. committed!
